For each approach, Claude wrote the code needed to support the architecture diagrams with the sender.py and receiver.py files. The code was generated from the prompts used in the `prompts.md` files for each approach in their corresponding folders. In addition, I used Claude to make revisions on the generated code based on possible improvements to the code and to continue following the requirements for the question.
One time Claude proposed something wrong was generating the code needed to support the public key infrastructure used for mutual authentication in approach A. After generating the code for it, I looked through each of the programs for approach A and noticed that they mentioned using a .pem file for the public/private keys of the receiver.py program without Claude generating said .pem files. I then asked Claude about the .pem files and then made further revisions for generating the .pem files for the keys. Another time was when Claude was generating print logs that included the nonce values used between the programs. I noticed them when I used Gemini to examine the approach A programs for the common pitfalls and threat actors, where Gemini noticed that the nonces in the print logs violated a criteria in the common pitfalls. This was simply fixed with Gemini removing the print logs for the nonce values.
One thing Claude did better than I expected was generating the programs based on the prompts I provided. The generated code followed each prompt detail well and had better improvements when I provided revisions for better functionality. However, a thing Claude did worse was providing insecure vulnerabilities that could be easily avoided. This was seen with the earlier example of Claude printing the nonce values into console as regular metrics/logs, which could be easily avoided by not printing the nonce values.
As mentioned earlier, I used Gemini to validate the programs based on the common pitfalls and threat actors. This is done to make Gemini act as "a set of fresh eyes" to find any issues with the generated code from Claude.